OTel - remote collector config through ST for selected apps (#6284)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/sumo-apps/opentelemetry-collector-insights.md

- [Docker](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/docker/)
- [ElasticSearch](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/elasticsearch/)
- [Kafka](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/kafka/)
- [Linux](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/linux/)
- [Mac](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/mac/)
- [MySql](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/mysql/)
- [Nginix](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/nginx/)
- [PostgreSql](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/postgresql/)
- [RabbitMQ](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/rabbitmq/)
- [Redis](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/redis/)
- [Windows](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/windows/)

This eliminates manual setup and provides you with a unified experience for both local and remote collector workflows.

:::note

> If you want to configure your source locally, you can do so by downloading the YAML file.

Reviewer: - Note is only for an optional additional information. This seems to be a lot of information to put in note. Make it as a substep and if it is optional mention the same in heading with a bracket.
- Also the steps followed here do not go good with the UI, make sure you match it with UI.

1. Go to Collection>Source template.
2. Select the source template whose YAML configuration you want to download. If the required source template is not available, create a new one by clicking + Add Source Template.
3. In the right-side pane, under Source Configuration, click Copy or Download YAML File to download and manage the configuration locally.

To download the YAML file, follow the steps below:
1. [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui). Go to the main Sumo Logic menu and select **Data Management**, and under **Data Collection** select **Source Template**.<br/>[**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data > Collection > Source Template**.
1. Select a source template to download its YAML file.
1. Copy the YAML configuration to manage it locally.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/copy-yaml.png')} alt="learn-more-button-warning" style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} width="400"/>
:::

### Step 1: Set up OpenTelemetry collector

You must first set up a remotely managed collector on your system. For more information, see [Step 1: Set up collector](#step-1-set-up-collector).<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/install-otel-collector.png')} alt="learn-more-button-warning" style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} width="700"/>

> For the apps listed above, installation instructions now include a `--remotely-managed` flag. When used, this flag automatically installs a remotely managed collector instead of a locally managed one. If you prefer to use a locally managed collector, simply remove the flag from the installation command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For the applications listed above, the installation commands now include a `--remotely-managed` flag. When this flag is used, a remotely managed collector is installed automatically instead of a locally managed one. If you prefer to use a locally managed collector, simply remove the flag from the installation command.
```
